improve developers docs (#130)
scverse/cookiecutter-scverse: {{cookiecutter.project_name}}/docs/contributing.md

to the [scanpy developer guide][].

## Installing dev dependencies

In addition to the packages needed to _use_ this package, you need additional python packages to _run tests_ and _build
the documentation_. It's easy to install them using `pip`:

```bash
cd {{ cookiecutter.project_name }}
pip install -e ".[dev,test,doc]"
```

## Code-style

This template uses [pre-commit][] to enforce consistent code-styles. On every commit, pre-commit checks will either
automatically fix issues with the code, or raise an error message. See [pre-commit checks](developer_docs.md#pre-commit-checks) for
a full list of checks enabled for this repository.

To enable pre-commit locally, simply run

```bash
pre-commit install
```

in the root of the repository. Pre-commit will automatically download all dependencies when it is run for the first time.

Alternatively, you can rely on the [pre-commit.ci][] service enabled on GitHub. If you didn't run `pre-commit` before
pushing changes to GitHub it will automatically commit fixes to your pull request, or show an error message.

If pre-commit.ci added a commit on a branch you still have been working on locally, simply use

```bash
git pull --rebase

> ```

Reviewer: How about stronger language or a note recommending installing pre-commit locally over relying on CI?

For beginners, I would avoid recommending Workflows where rebasing/ force pushing could be needed

Author: left the pull rebase but added statement on running them locally first.

### Building and publishing the package on PyPI

Python packages are not distributed as source code, but as _distributions_. The most common distribution format is the so-called _wheel_. To build a _wheel_, run

```bash
python -m build
```

This command creates a _source archive_ and a _wheel_, which are required for publishing your package to [PyPI][]. These files are created directly in the root of the repository.

Before uploading them to [PyPI][] you can check that your _distribution_ is valid by running:

```bash
twine check dist/*
```

and finally publishing it with:

```bash
twine upload dist/*
```

Provide your username and password when requested and then go check out your package on [PyPI][]!

For more information, follow the [Python packaging tutorial][].

It is possible to automate this with GitHub actions, see also [this feature request][pypi-feature-request]
in the cookiecutter-scverse template.

[python packaging tutorial]: https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/packaging-projects/#generating-distribution-archives
[pypi-feature-request]: https://github.com/scverse/cookiecutter-scverse/issues/88

## Writing documentation

> Please write documentation for your package. This project uses [sphinx][] with the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please write documentation for new or changed features and use-cases. This project uses [sphinx][] with the following features:
```

Changing the subject since this is also contributing guide
